Add section "Limitations of the embedded DevTools browser" (#3147)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/external-browser-window.md

*  The _embedded DevTools browser_.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Limitations of the embedded DevTools browser

> The embedded Edge DevTools Browser in the Visual Studio Code DevTools extension provides a simple preview with many restrictions, and doesn't support all web browser features.  When you need a full-featured browser, use an external browser window instead of the embedded browser.  The embedded browser is based on a headless browser instance from which screen captures are being streamed.  Therefore, not all user interactions are implemented.
> 
> The embedded DevTools browser has limitations including the following:
> 
> * Drag-and-drop isn't supported.
> * [onPasteCapture onPaste events don't trigger](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-devtools/issues/2006).
> * [css cursor property isn't respected; it's always default](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-devtools/issues/1996).
> * [Cursor Pointer Issue](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-devtools/issues/1656).
>    * [Support for cursor: pointer](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-devtools/issues/2149).
> * [Missing CSS feature](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-edge-devtools/issues/2084).
> * There might be visual performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The embedded Edge DevTools Browser in the Visual Studio Code DevTools extension provides a simple preview with many restrictions, and doesn't support all the features of a real web browser.  When you need a full-featured browser, use an external browser window instead of the embedded browser.  The embedded DevTools browser is a browser instance that runs without a user interface, and from which screen captures are being streamed.  Therefore, not all user interactions are implemented.

The embedded DevTools browser has limitations including the following:

* Drag-and-drop isn't supported.
* `onPasteCapture` and `onPaste` events don't trigger.
* The CSS `cursor` property isn't respected.
* There might be visual performance issues.
```

Author: replaced
